Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Relax.
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Is this how hypnosis
is supposed to be. Doc?
- Do you know what you’re doi-
- Shut up.
Just do as I say.
Now.
you are feeling drowsy.
Your eyelids feel heavier and heavier…
You will follow my every command.
Say my name.
Doc Delgado.
Now say your name.
Monica Salanga.
Raise your left hand.
Lower your left hand.
Nod.
Undress.
Take off your bra.
Open your eyes.
Worship me.
Please me.
Say you love it.
I'm loving it.
Doc?
Doc!
Doc. I’m your patient.
This is wrong.
Slowly. Doc.
Stop. Doc.
This is wrong.
Faster!
Faster. Doc!
Please. Doc!
Stop. Doc!
Feels good. Doc.
That was fast.
I wanted it to last longer.
That bit where you suddenly woke up
made it exciting.
I think this is more fun
than acting in sexy movies.
You really look like a doctor.
A doctor abusing his power.
And you fit the role
of a patient perfectly.
You’re stiff as a rock.
Stiff?
You mean I got you stiff in no time!
Anyway. I liked this more than
our "priest and confessing whore" routine.
That was too predictable.
You're an expert at kneeling.
Plus.
you have too many sins to confess.
Wow.
Says the saint.
Oh. I also like the one
where you’re gay.
And you’re a lesbian.
That was fun.
What about when
you were a yoga instructor?
Because I bend over so well?
No.
Because no position is too hard for you.
Even taking a dick on a headstand.
Remember when we were the couple
who revolted against Spain?
I like that.
I like the part
where you used a dagger.
But-
It didn’t work.
Because you have no sense of history.
You can stuff your sense
of history up your ass!
I can play any role.
Really?
Of course.
I was shooting this scene one time.
I was the house maid.
My employer’s son was supposed
to ravage me on the stairs.
Problem was. my co-actor was a newbie.
Didn’t want to take off his clothes.
Wanna know what I did?
What?
I grabbed his balls.
He was butt-naked in no time!
I’ll double the pay.
Hey. open up!
What are you doing there?
This is getting boring.
We could go home
and just order pizza.
I’ve had my fill of pizza delivery boys.
Why is it always my idea anyway?
Think of something for a change!
Sex with a cadaver.
You murdered the joke.
It works only if delivered deadpan.
So-
You said something riskier?
Once. Debbie suggested
that we kidnap someone.
I refused. We’re not criminals.
We just want to have fun.
Another time. someone
almost lost their life.
How did that happen?
I picked up a trans woman.
Debbie challenged me
to have sex with a trans woman.
Debbie. Francine.
Francine. Debbie.
Hi!
I thought it was just
going to be the two of us.
No.
It’s more fun if it’s the three of us.
Hi. I’m Debbie.
We assured her
that Debbie was just going to watch.
Is that real?
Yeah.
- Can I feel it?
- Go ahead.
Oh. it is real.
It’s real.
It’s so real.
How about that?
Is it still a dick
or is it already a pussy?
Just touch it.
It’s big.
It’s big!
Here. drink.
You mentioned before that
Debbie always liked wearing white.
This. too.
Yes.
Correct. It’s her favorite.
She is obsessed with whiteness.
That’s why our house. inside and out.
is pure white.
I don’t know what it was.
maybe she had a condition.
What’s happening?
All of a sudden
she was having a seizure.
Bobby!
Francine?
Francine!
Bobby. I think we killed her!
Bobby. do something!
Do something!
We tried everything
but she wouldn’t wake up.
I thought we’d killed someone.
Francine!
Where am I?
Just leave!
Here are your clothes.
Sorry.
I have a condition.
It's your fault. It must have
been the pill you gave me.
We had the driver
take her home immediately.
I told Debbie we should stop
involving other people.
But she said that
was part of the fun.
And she got her way.
From then on we’d find people online.
How long have you been married?
Ten years.
The first two. three years. we’re okay.
We’re so in love.
Even when it was just
the two of us at home.
Having sex.
watching movies.
or traveling together. anywhere.
Then. it got boring.
I could see the restlessness in her eyes.
That’s when we started
what we called our sex games.
We had such fun.
I suppose all married couples
do it at one time or another.
But in your case.
you involved other people at times.
Yes.
And it got out of bounds. just like
what happened to the trans woman.
Something else happened-
Just last year. in fact.
Debbie and I had a fight.
Something to do with
one of our properties.
It was actually my fault.
I apologized.
Eventually. she forgave me.
Or so I thought.
Because Debbie never really forgives.
She never forgets.
She must always get even.
At one of our sex games.
Debbie provided me with a girl.
A virgin. she said.
For whom she paid
a high price. she said.
We did it in the old stockroom.
To make it cinematic. she said.
She told us both
to wear blindfolds.
“What for?” I asked her.
She said it was an experiment
on seeing and not seeing.
Besides. it would heighten
the pleasure. she said.
No! No. please!
Stop!
Stop it. please!
You’re hurting me.
Please. stop!
I beg you. stop.
Please...
Here. dress up.
It dawned on me.
Debbie had found a
distant relative of mine.
My niece.
Jenny.
What the...
Debbie. what’s this?
Didn’t you enjoy it?
This is foul.
Whatever.
Jenny.
Sorry.
I didn’t know.
I didn’t know too. Uncle.
I needed money for school.
Please.
Cut the drama.
It’s just a game.
Besides. you never see each other.
You’re hardly family.
You’re disgusting.
Take this.
Dress up and go.
Sorry. Uncle.
Get dressed.
What did I tell you?
It's all about money.
Everyone has a price.
Screw you!
Look at these ordinary people.
They act nice.
They look so innocent.
But they’re all the same.
Offer them a new cellphone.
and they’re yours.
Their souls are more rotten than ours.
That was the first time
I thought of breaking up with Debbie.
What stopped you?
I don’t know.
Maybe it’s because
I’m just as bad as her.
And finding another match
like that won’t be easy.
We know each other inside and out.
You think you’re the same.
Yes.
Like her. I ruined a lot of lives
to get to where I am.
And I enjoyed the things
we did together.
Do you love her?
I loved her then.
Now...
I’m not sure.
We’ve run out of cash. ma’am.
I’m so sorry.
It’s okay. how much do you need?
She used to run
the office cafeteria.
She’s borrowing money again.
she can’t even pay
the interest on the last one.
Did you just come
from your psychiatrist?
I don’t see why you
need to see Susan.
I’m here. Talk to me.
I have an idea.
That girl just now. the caterer’s daughter.
her name’s Sheila.
So conservative.
She even wanted to be a nun.
Now she has a boyfriend.
He wanted to be a priest.
A union from a seminary and a convent.
I’m sure they’re virgins.
Let’s make a bet.
Whoever gets one
of them first. wins.
You get the girl. I get the boy.
Too easy. Just buy them off.
No. money won’t work on those two.
The mother. sure.
But the daughter?
Come on. this will be fun.
Let’s make it a slow burn.
make it more challenging.
Like we’re making our own movie.
First. some house rules.
Force can’t be used.
Kidnapping and rape are out.
Same goes for drugs.
They must give in
out of their own volition.
What are the stakes?
Your condo.
And you?
I will be your sex slave for a month.
Aren’t you already?
Come on. game?
May the best man-
No.
person win.
Miss!
Miss. wait!
You dropped this handkerchief.
That’s not mine.
Miss. wait.
I know we just met.
But I have an offer for you.
100 thousand pesos.
For one night.
I’ll sweeten the deal.
200 thousand pesos.
300 thousand pesos.
You rushed it.
I told you.
money won’t open their legs.
Have a sense of drama.
Let’s take them for a spin.
There needs to be a story.
Just like the movies.
Where’s my trophy for Best Actress?
I’m heavier than the guy
so I almost fell.
Ma’am. are you okay?
I feel dizzy.
Can you walk me
to my car. please?
- Sure.
- Okay. thank you.
Don’t you have a driver?
You shouldn't drive in this state.
Can you stay with me just until
the dizziness goes away? Please?
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
I often go to church there.
I always see you.
You always sit up front.
It’s my favorite spot.
I feel closer to God.
No matter how often I hear mass
or how much I try to get close to him.
I feel he’s still so far away.
What?
Why?
Years ago.
my family suffered a terrible tragedy.
I’d rather not talk about it.
That’s when I lost my faith in God.
But I kept going to church.
I thought. maybe
if I heard enough masses.
my faith would be restored.
But...
God wasn’t listening. it seems.
He is always listening.
Not to me.
He loves everyone.
Except me.
He doesn’t see me.
He sees everything.
Including this?
Everything that lives
on this earth. big or small.
God sees it.
How about this?
Is this big enough?
He didn’t find heaven
between your thighs.
but hell!
Look who's talking!
Didn't you fail. too?
Let’s look for someone else.
We’re wasting our time
with those prudes.
No. I’m not giving up.
What for? We’re wasting our time.
I won't let Alvin
get away with it.
I’m getting even.
I’ll use a different approach.
Are you really giving up?
I didn’t sign up for a talk show.
Pay me.
and I’m outta here.
Let’s do it.
All right!
I’ll be on top. you at the bottom.
Alvin!
Wait!
Alvin. wait!
I want to apologize.
- Welcome. come in.
- Good afternoon. ma’am.
White is my favorite color.
I feel like an angel.
I’m glad I didn’t scare you off.
I trust you won’t do
what you did before.
Like I said.
God sees everything.
His will and His alone be done.
I promise to behave.
I feel embarrassed.
To think I know your girlfriend’s mother.
Ma’am Edna?
Yes.
What a coincidence. right?
It’s true. what they say.
God moves in mysterious ways.
I heard you were in the seminary.
What stopped you from becoming a priest?
I realized that my mission
was outside the seminary.
I acted in movies before.
You were okay with that?
Wasn’t it too daring?
A bold star won't see the difference.
Wine?
Water?
Juice?
No.
Thank you.
My mother was a house maid.
Whenever I think of her. I see her...
cleaning each step
of a mansion’s winding staircase.
She would scrub hard
because if she didn’t.
the lady of the house would curse at her.
I pitied her.
I swore that one day-
I would own a house
with a staircase just as grand.
I would stand at the top of the stairs.
a glass of wine in my hand.
The way of the rich. right?
So when I was still an actress.
I married my producer
as soon as he proposed.
even if I didn’t love him.
He was old
and sickly.
He died not long after that.
Suddenly I was rich.
And here we are. in my dream mansion.
Bobby is my second husband.
We were happy at first.
But it didn’t last.
We live in the same house.
but live different lives.
This house is empty
most of the time.
I feel empty most of the time.
I got the staircase
I always dreamed of.
so how come I feel
like I have nowhere to go?
Help me get on the right path.
I’ll do my best.
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
Losing your house to a fire is painful
not because of the things you lose.
but because of the memories
attached to those things.
Photographs. letters.
the furniture that you worked so hard for.
I’m sorry for what I did last time.
What made you do it anyway?
I often see you helping out people in need.
I’d watch you.
I know your wife.
And I have a boyfriend.
Again. I’m sorry.
Can we still be friends?
I want to donate a small amount.
For them.
Thanks.
That would be a big help.
I admire you.
I know that you and your mother
don’t have it easy.
and yet here you are helping others.
I was set on becoming a nun.
I had to drop out so I could
help support my family.
My parents died
when I was just a kid.
Plane crash.
So I never knew what it was like
to have a family.
Your wife. Mrs. Blanco?
I don’t love her anymore.
And vice versa.
We go on acting like we do.
It’s all pretending.
Did you have to hold his hand?
He might fall in love with you.
So be it.
Let them learn that
not everyone can be bought.
Or toyed with.
Mara?
I have to tell you something.
Mara hates Mrs. Blanco.
So she's really set
on helping us out.
That Mrs. Blanco is a bad person.
To her everything is pretense.
My mother told me about the time
Mrs. Blanco fired an employee.
She made up a story.
Paid someone to set up
the poor employee.
So firing him would be easy.
She lends us money but buries
mother in the interest payments alone.
And not without a few harsh words.
What about the husband?
They’re the same.
Mr. Blanco is in the business
of finding small companies
and making sure they go bankrupt
so he can buy them out cheap.
For him it’s all about money.
Are we on the right path. though?
Isn't what we're doing a sin?
Let’s just avoid them.
Be patient.
Let’s toy with them too.
For Mother.
Let’s give them a dose
of their own medicine.
I’m just worried.
What if Mr. Blanco rapes you?
I can take care of myself.
Worry about yourself
resisting Mrs. Blanco’s fair skin.
I’m yours. no one else’s.
One more. please.
One kiss a day. remember?
Let’s not court temptation. Alvin.
We made a vow.
No sex before marriage.
Just a peek then.
Stop it. Alvin Sarmiento!
Come on. just a tiny bit.
Didn’t Mrs. Blanco show you hers?
Yours is different. Come on.
Just a peek.
Let me see.
What’s with the bra?
Come on. let me see.
You always have to haggle.
Take a cold shower.
That would make me even hotter.
You’re too horny.
Imagine if you became a priest!
Eat more papaya.
I’ve bought all the papayas in the market.
Hang in there.
I love you.
Now. let me see your breasts.
And the other one. too.
So beautiful.
Let me kiss you.
On the neck.
Fine. just not on the lips.
Hey! Stop!
I’ll get mad.
Let’s just eat.
Wait for me. I’ll just take a shower.
They’re making it hard for us.
They’ll fall. you’ll see.
You can’t quit now.
Who says I’m quitting?
Especially now.
Sheila’s mother is in the hospital.
It’s time to go for the kill.
Mom!
What happened to my mom. Doc?
Miss. please wait outside.
you’re not allowed here.
Mom.
How is she?
Stable.
Just this morning she was busy working.
All of a sudden she fell.
What did the doctor say?
They’re still observing her.
We’re drowning in debt.
My savings are gone.
I have some left.
It will help.
You don’t have to.
What’s mine is yours.
Dad hasn’t been answering
my calls.
I’m sure he’s gambling again.
I can spot you some cash.
I know you.
You act all nice
but you’ll bleed me dry.
I won big.
I believe if you pay it forward.
you’ll win bigger.
That’s not true for gambling.
You’re right.
So. how much?
I’m out.
Quitters never win.
Quitters-
Lose?
So. how much?
I thank God everyday for my daughter.
who is so good.
She has dedicated herself
to making life easier for us. her family.
She started working very young.
Me...
I’m a worthless mother.
Thank you.
Thank you for loving her.
I love her more than my life.
No...
That’s not right.
Love her.
Just love her enough.
More than that.
and you end up like me.
That’s your final salary.
Sir? Why?
Did I do something wrong?
No. Sheila.
The company is losing money.
Sorry I didn’t inform you sooner.
I added a little extra
to your separation pay.
My mother’s in the hospital.
I need this job.
I’m really sorry.
Give me your ID.
Now. everyone- You. put that there.
And you. make sure nothing’s lost.
What?
It’s done.
I owe you. bro.
You’re welcome.
You think Mr. Blanco
has something to do with it?
I don’t think so.
The company is really in a bind.
Why were you the only one let go?
Maybe you could ask their housemaid
if she heard something.
I have to find a job soon.
The hospital bill keeps growing.
Meanwhile. my father’s still in the casino.
What if I borrow money
from Mrs. Blanco?
I’m sure she’ll shell out.
Don’t!
Don’t ever do that!
We’ll manage.
Don’t. Alvin!
Sorry. Sheila. I can’t hold it anymore.
The last time I had this
I was nine years old.
It was my birthday.
My mother knew this was my favorite.
She kept saying how much she loved me.
And then we went to the loan shark.
He fed us so much food I felt I’d burst.
And then she left me in his bedroom.
He raped me.
So you know-
I lost all faith in motherly love.
What happened?
Something’s wrong with her heart!
They need to operate on her right away.
I don’t know where to get the money.
Don’t worry.
We’ll find a way to manage.
Sorry. Alvin.
You know our policy about cash advances.
It’s an emergency. sir.
I’ll take on more work.
I can’t help you. Alvin.
How many have you done. Maritess?
Ten. sir.
Too slow. keep going.
Hello?
Hello. Alvin?
I bet it’s money.
He’ll call again.
I can almost taste him.
You should thank me.
I applied the necessary pressure on Sheila.
that’s why Alvin is calling you.
First one wins.
I have the edge.
Her mom is still critical.
The dad’s a goner in the casino.
She’ll come to me.
Let’s stop this. Alvin.
Maybe it’s bad karma.
We don’t need them.
We’ll find a way.
God listens.
These two horndogs...
It’s too early! All you wanna do
is screw each other.
Hey. buy me some mangoes later.
Hey. you still owe me.
you better pay that first.
Jenny. your ass is delicious.
Pig! Pay up
and you’ll get a taste of this ass.
Hey.
Your pie hole’s huge!
So big. It can fit eight dicks.
Wow! As if you don’t suck on one. bitch
Hey. what’s up?
This again?
This was yesterday’s meal. spaghetti.
I’ll take this. sinigang.
You better add more soup.
Menudo?
How about this one?
Jenny?
How are you?
You saw it yourself.
That’s my job now.
On good nights. I get three customers.
On bad ones. zero.
Sometimes the man stinks.
I’m lucky if I get someone
that doesn’t smell.
Sometimes I just want to work
my ass off to make more money.
Sometimes...
I just want to die.
I don’t get it.
How could you let this happen?
You son of a bitch.
You really don’t know?
Wait.
Not enough.
How is she?
Sorry. I couldn’t come sooner.
I know my shortcomings.
I’m no help.
And now I’m deep in debt
to Mr. Blanco.
The casino.
He kept egging me on.
My losses piled up.
Sir?
Thank you.
So?
You need something?
I accept your offer.
The money you… offered.
- Leave.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Go.
Was that a first for you?
I surprised even myself.
It’s like I don’t know who I am anymore.
You’re growing a conscience.
Harsh. I already have one. don’t I?
As far as I know. none.
Forgive me. Alvin.
I didn’t know where to turn.
I’ve wronged you.
He didn’t go through with it.
He gave me the money
without having sex with me.
Forgive me. Alvin.
- Please forgive me.
- Don't cry anymore.
It’s going to be okay.
Don’t move.
That’s it!
That is exactly how I first saw you
when we met at your husband’s wake.
Everyone there was fake.
They kept singing praises
to my dead husband.
I was bored out of my wits.
My condolences.
It was love at first sight. you and me.
More like sex at first sight.
A younger man feels so good.
So good! Deeper!
The best sex I’ve ever had.
If your husband
heard the sounds you made.
he would have risen from the dead.
Those were the days.
We were insatiable.
We’d do it four times a day.
On any surface. Flat or not.
Actually. even on not-so-flat surfaces
Do you still love me?
As if I’m interested to know the answer!
Why did you hold
back with Sheila?
Are you trying to lose?
You should be happy then!
That’s not how I want to win.
Why did you give her the slip?
Are you falling for her?
I took pity on her.
I’m still capable of pity.
You used to love it when I did that.
Not anymore?
No game.
Not without a game.
Sorry. Debbie.
I cannot divulge patient information.
Just tell me if he has feelings
for that girl.
We have this game.
I’m sure you know.
I just want to understand
why Bobby’s intentionally losing.
I can’t tell you anything.
Sorry. Debbie.
What if I hire you as my therapist?
Will you talk then?
I’ll double the pay.
I can be a good friend. Susan.
I have a feeling we’ll get along.
I like you.
Let me tell you this. Debbie-
You haven’t made a movie in years
and yet you continue to act.
When I get into character.
I escape reality.
Help me.
Debbie. why don’t
you just talk to Bobby?
Whatever I say. I know you’ll listen
to only what you want to hear.
You know what. Susan.
screw you!
Damn this!
Damn this life!
I don’t want this!
I don’t want this anymore…
Sir.
I know what happened
between you and Shiela.
I want to thank you.
For respecting my girlfriend.
For respecting me.
It’s nothing.
What I did was only right.
I know everything.
The sex games you and your wife play…
Sheila and I know about it.
You rich people think
you got it all figured out.
You act as if you’re God’s only children.
You forgot about us.
You forgot that the game
could be played both ways.
That makes us equal.
All of us were just acting.
Imagine that.
That boy made a fool of me.
I want to break up with you.
I’ve been thinking about it
for some time.
I made my decision just now.
Maybe you do have feelings
for that fake-saint-true-slut Sheila.
I’ll have our lawyers sort it out.
Don’t worry. I’ll be fair with
the division of properties.
Whatever.
Make sure you won't get caught.
Sure.
Hello. Alvin?
I found a job.
Yeah. I got it.
I start tomorrow.
No sudden movements.
Just keep walking.
Debbie.
I have a surprise for you.
Meet me at the old stock room.
Okay.
See you!
Hello?
Hello? Sorry to bother you. Mr. Blanco.
Sheila’s missing.
Your wife called me. Told me to call you
if I wanted to see Sheila.
Get in!
Let go of me-
Hi Sheila!
You? You whore! You demon!
Whatever.
Hey!
Save that for later!
We’re still waiting for our guests.
Here they are.
What took you so long?
We’ve been waiting.
Go ahead.
Just try!
You whore!
Your girlfriend agrees with you.
Debbie. what are you doing?
Now that we’re complete.
let’s start the game.
Debbie. stop this!
Why. Bobby?
Tired of playing?
It’s unfair when the game has to stop
just because one of
the players wants out.
The decision has to be mutual.
Like these two.
They’d been playing us
without us knowing.
We had no idea.
So now let’s all play.
Kneel!
Debbie?
Well?
Want to call me a whore again?
You’re a whore!
Thank you.
So? Say... Welcome.
On your knees!
Now let’s watch what happens
with your beloved Sheila.
If you resist. Sheila-
Will you betray me too. Bobby? Huh?
Damn all of you!
Enough. Debbie.
It’s over.
I love you. Sheila.
I love you. too. Alvin.
You’ll be back.
We’re the same. You’ll see.